clarify that pymetrics supports SP initiated (#105865)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/saas-apps/pymetrics-tutorial.md

In this tutorial, you configure and test Azure AD SSO in a test environment.

> * pymetrics supports **SP** initiated SSO.  If you need to configure a **IdP** initiated flow, please reachout to pymeterics support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* pymetrics supports **SP** initiated SSO.  If you need to configure an **IdP** initiated flow, please reachout to pymterics support.
```
